15th place Van Fore Kofu became the home game following the previous section
j 1 first promotion since 2006
It is a battle to meet Yokohama f Marinos without winning
Last season's match did not have a shot with this card, which ended in a draw in both games
10 minutes in the deep
Pod Cristiano shoots the first shot of the game through both teams
I heard this was Connor
Sasaki to the ball the plastic kicked
Heading will be on the crossbar
After that there was no chance for each other , and Arai in the north shot from a distance in 33 minutes
east
But this also does not endanger the goal
Airlines did not hit a shot in the first half Well f Marinos after all
47 minutes set play
[applause]
So the ball
Card passes through Sasaki
It was decisive, but this heading shoot met the goal save of Tetsuya Enomoto and became the goal
not
Do not make decision machine only by repossession f Marinos
Simmering for 61 minutes, this match team first shot
Do not break the Kofu defense f Marinos substitutes the direct for joint study
I will measure the breakthrough of the situation
A chance Shobu Abe turns back Kofu 68 years Cristiano 's pass
Ishihara there
Screw in with feeling 1 tie day
Kofu devoted 14 years of man the day was this goal is far taken j 1 total 150 hotels Eye
Memorial number Daisuke breaks the balance
Watch out for the first goal this season
Although the rice Adi relational time to aggregate talk Sho Ito
I met a block and I could not score until the end after all
Kofu won the first site for the first time in 8 years
Defeat the team with three consecutive wins without a goal
We won the first win of the Rin Sign this season
[applause]